community-meetings: add 2021-11-09 agenda (#542)
flatcar/flatcar: community-meetings/2021-11-09.md

# Flatcar community call Tuesday, 9th of November, 5:30pm CEST / 9pm IST / 3:30pm GMT / 11:30am EDT / 8:30am PST

- Zoom link: [https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84336116610](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84336116610)
  - Meeting ID: 843 3611 6610
  - Passcode: 444888
- Youtube live stream / recording: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP9HnYxepVo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP9HnYxepVo)

- Community Calls calendar (all future calls): [link](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=c_ii991mqrpta9en8o7ofd4v19g4@group.calendar.google.com)
  - iCal version: [link](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/c_ii991mqrpta9en8o7ofd4v19g4%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)

## Welcome
- Brief intro / check-in of all participants in the Zoom call. Please introduce yourself and share what brings you here today.

## News
- We will discuss news and happenings in the Flatcar world.
  - CGroups V2 are coming to stable
  - ARM64 goes beta

## Spotlight: Flatcar dev mini-projects
- Flatcar on Firecracker hack + demo

> - [Open Slot - your dev project here!]

Reviewer: We can talk about the new FIPS provider included with OpenSSL with a quick showcase to introduce how to enable this provider on Flatcar Alpha but I don't want to be redundant with an hypothetical blogpost. :wink:

# Flatcar community call Tuesday, 9th of November, 5:30pm CEST / 9pm IST / 3:30pm GMT / 11:30am EDT / 8:30am PST

- Zoom link: [https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84336116610](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/84336116610)
  - Meeting ID: 843 3611 6610
  - Passcode: 444888

> - Youtube live stream / recording: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP9HnYxepVo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP9HnYxepVo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Youtube live stream / recording: to be announced 5 minutes before
```
?

Author: OH NO copy+paste :) Thank you, good catch!
